README.md, before:

# Oskari frontend Paikkatietoikkuna

Bundles & application configuration for kartta.paikkatietoikkuna.fi

## Setup

The application build process assumes that this repository, the main [oskari-frontend](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend) repository, and [oskari-frontend-contrib](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend-contrib) are located side by side on your filesystem. Running `npm install` will create symlinks to these directories under node_modules.

In this model, it's left to the developer to checkout the correct branches/versions of the above repos.

## Managing dependencies

With the symlinks in place import-statements and other path references to `oskari-frontend` and `oskari-frontend-contrib` will resolve to the appropriate directories. This means you can reference bundles in `oskari-frontend` repo with eg. `"bundlePath": "oskari-frontend/packages/statistics/"` in your minifierAppSetup.json. The same principle works in bundle.js for defining bundle dependencies.

### Libraries

Before adding a library dependency (either under `libraries/` or via NPM), you should check if the library is already included in `oskari-frontend` repo. If it is, you can reference it in your bundle.js with eg. `oskari-frontend/libraries/geostats/1.5.0/lib/geostats.min.js`. NPM package dependencies defined in `oskari-frontend` repo can be imported directly in code found in this repo eg. Open Layers `import olMap from 'ol/Map';`. Note: this is not how node module resolution usually works; it's a special feature of the Oskari build system aimed to avoid library code duplication & version conflicts. To see which packages can be used in this way, see `dependencies` in [oskari-frontend package.json](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend/blob/master/package.json).

If the library isn't included in `oskari-frontend` repo, you can add it into this repo, either as dependency in package.json (preferred) or under `libraries/`. Dependencies under `libraries/` require a reference in bundle.js, NPM dependencies do not; just `import` in your code.

## Building Paikkis

 Check out the right branches in the above repos and make sure you have run `npm install` in all three (this one included). Then you can build the app with `npm run build -- --env.appdef=1.48:applications/paikkatietoikkuna.fi`. The output will be under `dist/`. See the main [oskari-frontend repo](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend#readme) for detailed instructions about the build parameters.
 
 ## Development server

 Run `npm start` for development server with auto reload for JS and hot reload for SCSS.

Commit message:

Add note about memory options

README.md, after:

# Oskari frontend Paikkatietoikkuna

Bundles & application configuration for kartta.paikkatietoikkuna.fi

## Setup

The application build process assumes that this repository, the main [oskari-frontend](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend) repository, and [oskari-frontend-contrib](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend-contrib) are located side by side on your filesystem. Running `npm install` will create symlinks to these directories under node_modules.

In this model, it's left to the developer to checkout the correct branches/versions of the above repos.

## Managing dependencies

With the symlinks in place import-statements and other path references to `oskari-frontend` and `oskari-frontend-contrib` will resolve to the appropriate directories. This means you can reference bundles in `oskari-frontend` repo with eg. `"bundlePath": "oskari-frontend/packages/statistics/"` in your minifierAppSetup.json. The same principle works in bundle.js for defining bundle dependencies.

### Libraries

Before adding a library dependency (either under `libraries/` or via NPM), you should check if the library is already included in `oskari-frontend` repo. If it is, you can reference it in your bundle.js with eg. `oskari-frontend/libraries/geostats/1.5.0/lib/geostats.min.js`. NPM package dependencies defined in `oskari-frontend` repo can be imported directly in code found in this repo eg. Open Layers `import olMap from 'ol/Map';`. Note: this is not how node module resolution usually works; it's a special feature of the Oskari build system aimed to avoid library code duplication & version conflicts. To see which packages can be used in this way, see `dependencies` in [oskari-frontend package.json](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend/blob/master/package.json).

If the library isn't included in `oskari-frontend` repo, you can add it into this repo, either as dependency in package.json (preferred) or under `libraries/`. Dependencies under `libraries/` require a reference in bundle.js, NPM dependencies do not; just `import` in your code.

## Building Paikkis

 Check out the right branches in the above repos and make sure you have run `npm install` in all three (this one included). Then you can build the app with `npm run build`. The output will be under `dist/`. See the main [oskari-frontend repo](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend#readme) for detailed instructions about the build parameters.

 The build requires more memory than is allocated for node by default and you will have to so `set NODE_OPTIONS=--max_old_space_size=4096` on windows before running the build or `NODE_OPTIONS=--max_old_space_size=4096 npm run build`.
 
 ## Development server

 Run `npm start` for development server with auto reload for JS and hot reload for SCSS.
